README.md, before:

# Mouse sensitivity adjuster for Grand Theft Auto: Vice City
This modification allows user to freely modify their GTA: Vice City's mouse
sensitivity, especially vertical (y-axis) sensitivity which is unbalanced in
the game by default.

Please bear in mind this mod was especially made for Vice City: Multiplayer
(VC:MP) 0.4 players who wish to play VC:MP 0.3z R2 (or earlier versions) with
their current 0.4 sensitivity settings. This doesn't mean, however, that the
mod is limited to be used by VC:MP players only.

## Compatibility
This mod is compatible with:
- Grand Theft Auto: Vice City version 1.0
- Vice City: Multiplayer *up to* version 0.3z R2

*No other versions are supported.*

## Installation steps
- Download the mod (`MouseSensAdj.zip`) from the
[**Releases** page](https://github.com/sfwidde/gta-vc-mouse-sensitivity-adjuster/releases/latest).
- Extract **.zip** file contents to your GTA's root directory.

## Configure in-game mouse sensitivity
### `MouseSensAdj.txt` configuration file
Each field we will cover below has a default value in case it is missing or its
value is invalid (e.g.: `trigger_key` is not present by default in the
configuration file but it implicitly defaults to the F9 key).

- `mouse_x`
	- **Description:** Horizontal mouse sensitivity (x-axis).
	- **Acceptable values:** Any floating-point greater than or equal to 0.0.
	- **Default value:** 0.0
- `mouse_y`
	- **Description:** Vertical mouse sensitivity (y-axis).
	- **Acceptable values:** Any floating-point greater than or equal to 0.0.
	- **Default value:** 1.2
- `trigger_key`
	- **Description:** Key to press to apply the above sensitivity values
	in-game.
	- **Acceptable values:** Any of those on this list (except `VK_F10`):
	https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/inputdev/virtual-key-codes
	- **Default value:** 0x78 (`VK_F9`) (F9 key)

As mentioned above, `mouse_x` and `mouse_y` values are interchangeable with
those of version 0.4 of VC:MP (`game_sensitivity` and `game_sensitivity_ratio`
respectively). For instance, a value of 0.5 for `mouse_y` will not set y-axis
sensitivity to 0.5 but will instead set it to half the value of `mouse_x`.

Values in the configuration file can be modified whilst in-game. Hit
`trigger_key` key to apply changes.

Commit message:

v2.0.0 Implement fix for mouse lock (thanks Silent) Rename 'MouseSensAdj' to 'mousefix'

README.md, after:

# Mouse lock fix and sensitivity adjuster for Grand Theft Auto: Vice City
This modification attempts to fix GTA: Vice City's mouse nuisances on modern
hardware. Additionally, it allows user to freely modify their mouse sensitivity,
especially vertical (y-axis) sensitivity which is unbalanced in the game by
default.

Please bear in mind this mod was especially made for Vice City: Multiplayer
(VC:MP) 0.4 players who wish to play VC:MP 0.3z R2 (or earlier versions) with
their current 0.4 sensitivity settings. This doesn't mean, however, that the mod
is limited to be used by VC:MP players only.

## Compatibility
This mod is compatible with:
- Grand Theft Auto: Vice City version 1.0
- Vice City: Multiplayer *up to* version 0.3z R2

*No other versions are supported.*

## Installation steps
- Download the mod (`mousefix.zip`) from the [**Releases** page](https://github.com/sfwidde/gta-vc-mouse-fix/releases/latest).
- Extract **.zip** file contents to your GTA's root directory.

## Configure in-game mouse sensitivity
### `mousefix.txt` configuration file
Each field we will cover below has a default value in case it is missing or its
value is invalid (e.g.: `trigger_key` is not present in the configuration file
by default but it implicitly defaults to the F9 key).

- `mouse_x`
	- **Description:** Horizontal mouse sensitivity (x-axis).
	- **Acceptable values:** Any floating-point greater than or equal to 0.0.
	- **Default value:** 0.0
- `mouse_y`
	- **Description:** Vertical mouse sensitivity (y-axis).
	- **Acceptable values:** Any floating-point greater than or equal to 0.0.
	- **Default value:** 1.2
- `trigger_key`
	- **Description:** Key to press to apply the above sensitivity values
	in-game.
	- **Acceptable values:** Any of those on [this list](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/inputdev/virtual-key-codes)
	(except `VK_F10`).
	- **Default value:** 0x78 (`VK_F9`)

As mentioned above, `mouse_x` and `mouse_y` values are interchangeable with
those of version 0.4 of VC:MP (`game_sensitivity` and `game_sensitivity_ratio`
respectively). For instance, a value of 0.5 for `mouse_y` will not set y-axis
sensitivity to 0.5 but will instead set it to half the value of `mouse_x`.

Values in the configuration file can be modified whilst in-game. Hit
`trigger_key` key to apply changes.
